c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.exe
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.pdb
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.xml
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmCliente.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmPresentacion.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.Resources.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.exe
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.xml
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.pdb
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmProducto.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmProveedor.resources
c:\users\german\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmUsuario.resources
C:\Users\German\Videos\Pictures\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmVenta.resources
C:\Users\German\Videos\Pictures\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmCuentaCorriente.resources
C:\Users\German\Videos\Pictures\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.exe.config
C:\Users\German\Videos\Pictures\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\German\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmTipo.resources
C:\Users\German\videos\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Zapateria\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmStock.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.exe.config
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.exe
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.xml
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.pdb
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.exe
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.pdb
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\bin\Debug\Zapateria.xml
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmStock.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmTipo.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmCliente.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmCuentaCorriente.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmPresentacion.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmProducto.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmProveedor.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmUsuario.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.frmVenta.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.Resources.resources
C:\Users\maxim\Desktop\pp3\Zapateria\obj\x86\Debug\Zapateria.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
